---
## Fractal Structure project
___

Goal of the project is to generate a fractal structure using Python with some color added.
The hierarchical structure was reshaped to calculate an optimal random fractal pattern. Random fractals are method of choice for the purpose of computer image synthesis. The density of structure can be reduced and increased based on the given parameters. 

You will like these project!

---
###  💻 Technologies
___

* Python libraries: NumPy, Matplotlib 

---
### 🎬 Launch
___
Fractals are represented by trees. A general approach to capture the self-similar nature of fractals is by means of trees with vertices associated to the edges. A tree T = (V, E) consists of a finite or countable set V of vertices and a set E of edges. The root is considered to be the first vertex particle position - here established as the center of the board. From the root vertex there is a connecting line or a bridge to the next vertex called edge. A sophisticated example with results on the fine structure of  Brownian motion make great use of tree representations. Representation of randomly chosen tree have random sets. The start point of perfect center vertex map the Brownian curve. The Brownian curve chan hit the boundary, whenever the motion moves from the set in code boundary to another boundary.  Typical examples of the fractals studied are the boundary of excursions of random fields.


Factors influencing the shape of the tree:
* the root vertex position,
* the initial particle/vertex position (from a circle surrounding the root vertex),
* the moving algorithm.

Diffusion process steps: 
1. A root vertex was placed in the center on the screen.
2. A particle/vertex was placed in a random position of the screen, and moved randomly until it bumps against the root vertex.
3. The particle/vertex is left there, and another particle/vertex is placed in a random position and moved until it bumps against the root vertex or any previous particle/vertex, and so on.

Some variations were observed depending on size and particle count parameters in the geometry of the growth. Examples of aggregates were generated by allowing random walkers to adhere to an aggregate and are shown on the Figures and in Table nr 1. 

---
###  🛠 Examples of use
___

Major aspects of the application of random fractals: 

* the modeling and characterization of natural forms and processes - a physically based, accurate model that reflects all relevant aspects of the phenomenon and is in good agreement with theory and experiment. The goal is to improve understanding of the natural phenomenon in order to make predictions possible. Such modeling and analysis is of prime concern to many scientific areas dealing directly with nature (physics, chemistry, biology, geology, astronomy and so on),

* pattern formation of random fractals may be one of the most interesting problems in non-equilibrium statistical physics now. 

---

### 💡 Interesting facts
___

* Described trees can also be grown easily in an electrodeposition cell and are the direct result of diffusion-limited aggregation.

* Polymer theory and in second-order phase transitions and field theories: uses the the equivalence of Brownian path represented by line propagator and the vertices which are intersection points of the Brownian paths. [3] Mathematical Statistical Physics
Bertrand Duplantier, in Les Houches, Volume 83, 2006, Pages 101-217


***